Ah no
I'll do it. I'll do it.
Hmm, you're really scary
Your husband and son are here to see you
I am all for them
Go away, you don't deserve it
Like you
I feel dirty even if I touch it.
You--you don't have that idea at all
You don't want me to die, you just want to play me
Insult me hahaha
Otherwise, it's not good at all
Your family is animals
I am not
Sure.
I grew up a lot in the dark
I'll give you one last chance.
Kneel down and climb in front of me
Be a dog from now on
Wish me haha dog
You mean like you just did?
Hahaha good
Very good, your life will never end
The ignorant are fearless
This farce should end
Wait for that trash to come out
Let's be ruthless
Ah aunt
How is that trash serving?
Did you lick the trash clean?
Remember, you should lick like this in the future
Big brother this little beast
Can't do shit and urine
Hit hard
A hard lesson